= FaceBook Getting Started With Spring REST Docs

This is an example output for a service running at http://localhost:8080:

==== Post API Example

===== Request structure 
include::{snippets}/addUser/http-request.adoc[]

===== response
include::{snippets}/addUser/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/addUser/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/addUser/path-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/addUser/response-fields.adoc[] 


==== Delete API Example

===== Request structure 
include::{snippets}/deleteUser/http-request.adoc[]

===== response
include::{snippets}/deleteUser/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/deleteUser/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/deleteUser/path-parameters.adoc[]


==== Get API Example

===== Request structure 
include::{snippets}/getUserByEmailAndPassword/http-request.adoc[]

===== response
include::{snippets}/getUserByEmailAndPassword/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/getUserByEmailAndPassword/curl-request.adoc[]


==== Get API Example

===== Request structure 
include::{snippets}/getUserDetailsById/http-request.adoc[]

===== response
include::{snippets}/getUserDetailsById/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/getUserDetailsById/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/getUserDetailsById/path-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/getUserDetailsById/response-fields.adoc[] 


==== Put API Example

===== Request structure 
include::{snippets}/updateUser/http-request.adoc[]

===== response
include::{snippets}/updateUser/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/updateUser/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/updateUser/response-fields.adoc[] 


==== Put API Example

===== Request structure 
include::{snippets}/updateUserStatus/http-request.adoc[]

===== response
include::{snippets}/updateUserStatus/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/updateUserStatus/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/updateUserStatus/path-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/updateUserStatus/response-fields.adoc[] 


=== For Timeline Controller

==== Get API Example

===== Request structure 
include::{snippets}/getAllMyTimelineById/http-request.adoc[]

===== response
include::{snippets}/getAllMyTimelineById/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/getAllMyTimelineById/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/getAllMyTimelineById/path-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/getAllMyTimelineById/response-fields.adoc[] 


==== Get API Example

===== Request structure 
include::{snippets}/getUserByFriendByTimelineById/http-request.adoc[]

===== response
include::{snippets}/getUserByFriendByTimelineById/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/getUserByFriendByTimelineById/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/getUserByFriendByTimelineById/path-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/getUserByFriendByTimelineById/response-fields.adoc[] 


=== For Likes and Comments Controller

==== Get API Example

===== Request structure 
include::{snippets}/getUserLikesByMessageById/http-request.adoc[]

===== response
include::{snippets}/getUserLikesByMessageById/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/getUserLikesByMessageById/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/getUserLikesByMessageById/path-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/getUserLikesByMessageById/response-fields.adoc[] 

==== Get API Example

===== Request structure 
include::{snippets}/getCommentsByMessageId/http-request.adoc[]

===== response
include::{snippets}/getCommentsByMessageId/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/getCommentsByMessageId/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/getCommentsByMessageId/path-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/getCommentsByMessageId/response-fields.adoc[] 



As you can see the format is very simple, and in fact you always get the same message.